big issue solver programmmmmmmmm

to solve big issue you have to understand that current system the way it is at
the moment failed.  Thus simpler system has got to be designed which will
bootstrap big issue back into real society.  approach is going to be hackish.
you have to understand that these people are not healthy winners you are used
to.  frequently they got no chance in very competitive capitalistic society
we live in.

strategy
    break big issue into smaller peaces.
        a) employment and financial strategy
        b) health and stink
        c) housing


to keep big issue housed finance has to be solved.  But before we tackle any
of these:

standard procedure with big issue:
    make individual shower properly with cold water and soap! few times
    teeth brush with fluorides and liquid for debug
    skin debug with alcohol based antibacterial detergent
    if hair and beard not clean cut it short or clean up ensure no bugs
        cutting is to none is simple solution to bug problem it is sometimes
        agains their will and they dont understand the decision you are making
        for them since they are self centered and cannot see the problem from
        big picture.  cutting it saves time and money.

    clean clothing for whole week solved
    finally nurse checks and then GP health-check with blood check and urine
    check
    shrinks sanity check

    provide clean sleap setup with debugged bedsheats washed bug free, with
    plastic cover over the matrec and fresh sheat and dove cover.




once spbi done bi has to be housed.  to support housing continues employment
or other financial means has to be initiated.  so I guess this is the main
thing here to house big issue and have them off our conscious we have to go
trough spbi with them and then find a way into employment/supportive finance
into housing.


employing healthy ones:
    I have job_hunt program ready made and tested.  it worked few times for me
    creating nice portfolio of winning employment case scenarios.  I'd like to
    now apply it to another human being which is in unemployed state right now
    to see if it works at all on not IT person.
